This course finishes with a project where you get to practice your hands-on
hacking skills and cybersecurity knowledge using a case study based on real-life events.
In the project, you'll be given a scenario,
where you're asked to help a friend secure his business's Windows 10 PC.
You'll need to apply what you've learned throughout the course to lock
it down so only authorized users can be on it.
You also need to make sure only applications needed will be running.
Lastly, there's a fun computer forensics challenge,
where you'll need to determine what bad guys were doing on the computer.
You'll be documenting all of this in your course report,
just like the one that I prepare for
my clients when I'm performing security assessments for them.
It's meant to be a fun way to get you hands-on cybersecurity experience.